Tidy IRSA docs (#7273)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/optional/irsa.md

    EOF
    ```

> 1. Upload the discovery.json to the S3 bucket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the `discovery.json` file to the S3 bucket:
```

    ```bash
    aws s3 cp --acl public-read ./discovery.json s3://$S3_BUCKET/.well-known/openid-configuration
    ```

1. Create an [OIDC provider](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_create_oidc.html) for your cluster. Set the _Provider URL_ to `https://$ISSUER_HOSTPATH` and _Audience_ to `sts.amazonaws.com`.

1. Make a note of the `Provider` field of OIDC provider after it is created.

1. Assign an IAM role to the OIDC provider.

>     1. Navigte to the AWS IAM Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Navigate to the AWS IAM Console.
```

        ```json
        {
            "Version": "2012-10-17",
            "Statement": [
                {
                    "Effect": "Allow",
                    "Principal": {
                        "Federated": "arn:aws:iam::ACCOUNT_ID:oidc-provider/ISSUER_HOSTPATH"
                    },
                    "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
                    "Condition": {
                        "StringEquals": {
                            "ISSUER_HOSTPATH:sub": "system:serviceaccount:NAMESPACE:SERVICE_ACCOUNT"
                        },
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
       ```

	1. Create the IAM Role and make a note of the _Role name_.

	1. After the cluster is created you can grant service accounts access to the role by modifying the trust relationship. See the [How to use trust policies with IAM Roles](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/) for more information on trust policies. Refer to [Configure the trust relationship for the OIDC provider's IAM Role](#configure-the-trust-relationship-for-the-oidc-providers-iam-role) for a working example.

### Create the EKS Anywhere cluster

> 1. When creating the EKS Anywhere cluster, you need to configure the kube-apiserver's `service-account-issuer` flag so it can issue and mount projected service account tokens in pods. For this, use the value obtained in the first section for `$ISSUER_HOSTPATH` as the `service-account-issuer`. Configure the kube-apiserver by setting this value through the EKS Anywhere cluster spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating the EKS Anywhere cluster, you need to configure the kube-apiserver's `service-account-issuer` flag so it can issue and mount projected service account tokens in pods. For this, use the value obtained in the first section for `$ISSUER_HOSTPATH` as the `service-account-issuer`. Configure the kube-apiserver by setting this value through the EKS Anywhere cluster spec:
```

>     ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

>     apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
```

>     kind: Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: Cluster
```

>         serviceAccountIssuer: https://$ISSUER_HOSTPATH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    serviceAccountIssuer: https://$ISSUER_HOSTPATH
```

>     ```

Reviewer: Move the three backticks to the left as well.

Set the remaining fields in cluster spec as required and create the cluster.

#### Generate keys.json and make it publicly accessible

> 1. The cluster provisioning workflow generates a pair of service account signing keys. Retrieve the public signing key from the cluster and create a keys.json document with the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The cluster provisioning workflow generates a pair of service account signing keys. Retrieve the public signing key from the cluster and create a `keys.json` document with the content.
```

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/aws/amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook
    cd amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook
    kubectl get secret ${CLUSTER_NAME}-sa -n eksa-system -o jsonpath={.data.tls\\.crt} | base64 --decode > ${CLUSTER_NAME}-sa.pub
    go run ./hack/self-hosted/main.go -key ${CLUSTER_NAME}-sa.pub | jq '.keys += [.keys[0]] | .keys[1].kid = ""' > keys.json
    ```

> 1. Upload the keys.json document to the S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the `keys.json` document to the S3 bucket.
```

    ```bash
    aws s3 cp --acl public-read ./keys.json s3://$S3_BUCKET/keys.json
    ```

### Deploy pod identity webhook

> The [Amazon Pod Identity Webhook](https://github.com/aws/amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook) configures pods with the necessary environment variables and file mounted tokens to interact with AWS services. The webhook will configure any pod associated with a service account that has an `eks-amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation.

Reviewer: The first sentence sounds a little weird. Do you mean "...and file-mounted tokens to interact..."?

Author: Adjusted to be clearer.

1. Clone [amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook](https://github.com/aws/amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook).

1. Set the $KUBECONFIG environment variable to the path of the EKS Anywhere cluster.

1. Apply the manifests for the `amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook`. The image used here will be pulled from docker.io. Optionally, the image can be imported into (or proxied through) your private registry. Change the `IMAGE` argument here to your private registry if needed.

    ```bash
    make cluster-up IMAGE=amazon/amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook:latest
    ```

> 1. Create a service account with a `eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation set to the IAM Role created for the OIDC provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a service account with an `eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation set to the IAM Role created for the OIDC provider.
```
Also, maybe add a sentence like: "Replace ACCOUNT_ID with your AWS account ID"  or something similar.

    "$ISSUER_HOSTPATH:sub": "system:serviceaccount:KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAMESPACE:KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME"
    ```

>     Below are the one exmaple to allow list your `my-serviceaccount` service account in `default` namespace and all service accounts in `observability` namespace for `us-west-2` region. Remember to replace `Account_ID` and `S3_BUCKET` with   required values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The allow list example below applies `my-serviceaccount` service account to the `default` namespace and all service accounts to the `observability` namespace for the `us-west-2` region. Remember to replace `Account_ID` and `S3_BUCKET` with the required values.
```
Something like this?
